Clean up DTK get started pages (#2229)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: delegation-toolkit/get-started/install.md

### 3. Get started

You're now ready to start using the Delegation Toolkit.

> Check out the [MetaMask Smart Accounts quickstart](smart-account-quickstart/index.md) to walk through a simple example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [MetaMask Smart Accounts quickstart](smart-account-quickstart/index.md) to walk through a simple example.
```

Reviewer: Or "See" like we use below
